1) What are comments?
Comments are pieces of information put in the code that is not code but exists for the programmer to know what the code is and does. 

Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines.
# This is a comment
:'This is a comment'

3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it?
Cd Documents/app.py

4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.
Echo "something"

5) What can we use to save a value for later use in our code? Provide an example.
A variable; $VALUE='Value'

6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
Git rm --cached Documents/hiddenfile.txt

7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
Up arrow
History

8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
$

9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
Revert leaves evidence of a change and only changes what was reverted. Reset moves git back to the moment where a certain commit was made, deleting evidence of a change and any changes after.

10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
Lists are mutable

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
Pwd

12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
A dictionary is a list of variables in one, which consists of keys and values. The values may be repeated but the keys they correspond to may not. 
dictionary={
	"name":"Harmony",
	"age":"26",
	"birthday":"Feb 17"
}

13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
Any data type, they are ordered and can be changed 

14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
Any data type, they are ordered and can be changed

15) What data type are True and False?
Boolean

16) What language does your computer understand?
Binary

17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
Compilers

18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
1

19) What does frontend / client side mean?
What part of a program that the user interacts with

20) What does backend / server side mean?
The part of a program a user does not interact with

21) What are 3 way to create a Python string?
str('string')
s='string'
print('string')

22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
Integers 4 and floats 4.5

23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?
Yes, with +

24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    
    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py
Cd desktop
Mkdir projects tiktok 
Cd projects
Mkdir instagram instagram/images
Cd instagram
Touch app.py images/profile_image.jpg
Cd ../tiktok
Mkdir clips
Touch app.py


25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?
Desktop/projects/instagram/images/profile_image.jpg

26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):
Cd ../../instagram/images

27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 
name="troy"
print(name.capitalize())

28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?
print(name.Upper())

29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?
Val.is_integer()

30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?
split()

31) What are the Python comparison operators? List each and describe.
== equals
!= not equal
> less than 
>= less than or equal to 
< greater than
<= greater than or equal to

32) What are the Python logical operators? List each and describe.
AND both elements are 
OR one element is
NOT one or more element is not

33) How can we decide to run one piece of code versus another? Provide an example.
Pull requests and merges

34) What can I do to work on my primary code, but not mess it up? Provide an example.
Use Git or GitHub, and open the code on a separate branch

35) What do I do in order to make sure I have the latest code on my machine?
python --version

36) How can I accept user input into my Python code?
Input()

37) How can I see all of my git commits?
Git log

38) How can I add a value to a Python list?
List.append("extra element')

39) How can I remove a value from a Python list?
list.remove("extra element")

40) How can I access a value in a Python dictionary?
dictionary.append('key')

41) How can I remove a value from a Python dictionary?
dictionary.pop('key')

42) How can I change a value in a Python dictionary?
dictionary[name]='not Harmony'

43) What is a pull request? Describe it in detail.
A request to get a certain file that was edited on Git that is not pushed by the collaborator 

44) Why do we use services like Github?
To connect with other developers and work on projects together

45) How can I create a git branch?
Git checkout 

46) How can I switch to another branch?
Git branch

47) What happens if multiple engineers try to change the same area of a codebase from different points in time?
Those different changes will have to be merged or else they will create a conflict in Git 

48) What are the 3 stages of of tracking our work with git?


49) What are the commands we'd use, in order, to move our changes through these stages?


50) Is spacing in my Python code important? Why?